docs: add documentation for J1QL optional traversals (#111)
JupiterOne/docs: docs/jupiterone-query-language.md

  sum(snapshot.allocatedStorage) * 0.02 as EstimatedCost
```

## Optional traversals

In situations where it is useful to optionally find related entities
and use the value if it exists, J1QL allows for portions of a query can be
wrapped with a `(` and `)?` to mark that section of the query as an optional
traversal. This allows for related entities from a graph

> traversal to be unioned together and for additional constraints to be applied

Reviewer: ```suggestion
traversal to be combined and for additional constraints to be applied
```

Example query:

```j1ql
find User (that IS Person)?
```

In the above example, we search for `User` entities
and optionally traverse an `IS` relationship to a `Person` entity.
If the relationship exists, the related `Person` entities are returned in
the list of results.

> If the relationship does not exist, the `User` entity is returned.

Reviewer: The existing docs say:

> By default, the entities and their properties found from the start of the traversal is returned. For example, Find User that IS Person returns all matching User entities and their properties, but not the related Person entities.

I'm surprised that either the `Person` or the `User` is returned. What am I missing?

Author: Hey, sorry for the late response. I misinterpreted @erkangz 's vision of optional traversals and ended up using gremlin's built in `optional` step which used the coalescing behavior.. I have changed this now to union the optionally traversed entities and the entities they stemmed from, so both the `User` and optionally found `Person` entities are returned (no longer one or the other. This allows for a more informative graph to be displayed when visualizing subgraphs.

Relationships can still chained within an optional traversal. The query
below will return a list of `Device` owned by a `Person` that is a `User`

> and `User` entities that do not have the indirect relationship to the `Device`.

Author: In the below query, the result will return the `User` and `Device` devices indirectly related to the user from the optional traversal.

```j1ql
Find User (that IS Person that OWNS Device)?
```

> Relationships that come after an optional traversal are performed on the
> unioned results. This query searches for AWS accounts or AWS IAM roles

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Relationships that come after an optional traversal are processed on the
combined results. This query searches for AWS accounts or AWS IAM roles
```

in the account that trusts another account.

```j1ql
Find aws_account as awsMasterAccount
  (that HAS aws_iam_role as assumeRole)?
  that TRUSTS aws_account as awsSubAccount
Return awsMasterAccount
```

> Optional traversals can also be chained. The joined results from
> of each previous optional traversal will be used in the next optional

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optional traversals can also be chained. The combined results from
each previous optional traversal will be used in the next optional
```

  sum(snapshot.allocatedStorage) * 0.02 as EstimatedCost
```

## Optional traversals

Note: This is a beta feature and the syntax for describing optional
traversals may change in the future to help improve clarity.
Any changes made to the language will be
backwards compatible.

In situations where it is useful to optionally find related entities
and include them in the results, J1QL allows for portions of a query to be
wrapped with a `(` and `)?` to mark that section of the query as an optional
traversal. This allows for related entities from a graph
traversal to be combined and for additional constraints to be applied
to the set of entities.

Example query:

```j1ql

> find User (that IS Person)?

Reviewer 2: Minor: You use `find` here and `Find` in the next example. Might help to be consistent. I still prefer all upper case...

Author: :+1:

```

In the above example, we search for `User` entities
and optionally traverse an `IS` relationship to a `Person` entity.
If the relationship exists, the related `Person` entities are
added to the list of results.

> Relationships can still be chained within an optional traversal. The query

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
**Relationships can still be chained within an optional traversal.** The query
```

below will return a list of `Device` entities owned by a `Person` that is a `User`
and `User` entities that do not have the indirect relationship to the `Device`.

```j1ql
Find User (that IS Person that OWNS Device)?
```

> Relationships that come after an optional traversal are processed on the
> combined results. This query searches for AWS accounts or AWS IAM roles
> in the account that trusts another account.
> 
> ```j1ql
> Find aws_account as awsMasterAccount
>   (that HAS aws_iam_role as assumeRole)?
>   that TRUSTS aws_account as awsSubAccount
> Return awsMasterAccount
> ```

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
**Relationships that come after an optional traversal are processed on the
combined results.** This query searches for Users or UserGroups that directly
assigned an AccessPolicy granting admin permissions to certain resources,
or via an AccessRole assigned to the User/UserGroup. 

```j1ql
Find (User | UserGroup)
  (that assigned AccessRole)?
  that assigned AccessPolicy
  that allows as permission *
where permission.admin=true
return TREE
```
```

Reviewer 3: this is a more realistic example than the account trust one

Author: Nice, thanks for the tweak!

> Optional traversals can also be chained. The combined results from

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
**Optional traversals can also be chained.** The combined results from
```

each previous optional traversal will be used in the next optional
traversal.

The below query will find `User` entities, `Person` entities
that have an `IS` relationship to the `User` and `Device` entites
that are owned by `Person` and `User` entities from the previous
optional traversal.

```j1ql
Find User
  (that is Person)?
  (that owns Device)?
return User, Person, Device
```

> The optional traversals can also be aliased. This allows the union set of

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
**The optional traversals can also be aliased.** This allows the union set of
```

entities to be used when returning results and when applying constraints.

```j1ql
Find User

>   (that is Person)? as UserOrPerson

Reviewer 2: We typically name aliases with a lower case letter so `userOrPerson` seems more consistent than `UserOrPerson`.

Author: good feedback, will do

  that owns Device

> Where UserOrPerson.email = 'test@jupiterone.com'

Reviewer 2: Can you use `WITH` for an optional traversal? Might be worth providing an example that uses `WITH`. Do you have to use `WHERE` in this example?

Author: Yep will do

  sum(snapshot.allocatedStorage) * 0.02 as EstimatedCost
```

> ## Optional traversals

Reviewer 4: It would be kinda nice if we prefixed beta features in the Markdown header to make it immediately clear without having to describe in each section. e.g.

```
## (Beta) Optional Traversals
```

Reviewer 4: Or 

```
## Optional Traversals (Beta)
```

Author: Good suggestion. I think I prefer the postfixing
